Feature/new getting started (#239)
Genez-io/genezio-documentation: docs/frameworks/typesafe-project.md

  <title>Getting Started with Genezio | Genezio Documentation</title>
</head>

> Welcome to the Genezio Typesafe "Getting Started" guide! In this tutorial, you will learn how to write a backend class, export its methods, call them from the frontend code, and then deploy both the frontend and the backend locally for testing and pushing live to a staging environment.

Reviewer: Rename the first header `# Getting started` and the title to `# Typesafe Project` otherwise it will appear as `Getting started` in the sidebar.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/23c215e4-e551-4dea-8000-a364fb9e01ec)

> You can easily start with from a template project in the [Genezio Dashboard](https://app.genez.io/auth/login?redirect=new-project).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip
Get started in no time with the [Typesafe Project template](https://app.genez.io/auth/login?redirect=new-project).
:::
```

Reviewer 2: de ce punem link catre login page cu redirect? Normal ar fi sa punem link catre pagina din spate si va face ea redirect daca nu esti logat, nu?

Author: we don't have this in place
